okay so there's this new Nick Cage movie
that I heard a lot of people talking
about from festivals and it's directed
by one of the dudes who did the crank
movies who was like a stuntman turned
director and he's doing this movie about
parents going crazy and killing their
own kids because of radio frequencies
it's so messed up you gotta rent it you
gotta watch it with your parents just
make sure you you know bring a knife for
protection
let me explain right at the beginning we
see a mom who is listening to the radio
and a frequency goes on and she just
straight up leaves her kid on the train
tracks to get run over that's not how
you train a child we then get introduced
so the Ryan's who are the main family
and they're your regular suburban
household which should automatically tip
you off that they're insane you can tell
the parents miss being young they hate
that their daughter now has a boyfriend
and while stopping her from seeing him
is kind of rude this is just
disrespectful excuse me big mobs of
parents end up swarming the school
before the bell even rings because
they've all heard the frequency and are
ready to kill these kids the cops are
trying to keep him away and they have
this fence up but a kid decides that he
misses his mom so much he jumps over it
and his parents straight up key him like
that Kelly Clarkson song you thought
being booked in high school was bad
imagine getting bagged by your dad mid
football field my dude over here gets
Brian Urlacher the Ryan's have them made
at their house and she decides to
tenderize her own child
chicks boyfriend goes home and after his
dad pulls an Arthur fist he then pulls
the bottle on him and tries to kill his
son before getting gutted himself
we then watch the news and we're dr. oz
of all people decides to come out and
tell us about this frequency and why
it's killing people because it has
something to do with the animal kingdom
and how they sometimes kill the kids
when they decide to kill their kids
Grant Morrison also appears who if you
don't know this is a real life comic
book writer who I guess we're know
something since he writes some crazy
stuff momma Ryan goes to the hospital
since her sister's having a kid and the
moment that her sister gives life to her
child she is ready to take it away
here's the thing though the parents are
only killing their own kids whenever
they see another person who's not
related to them they just act normal
like those families at the day after the
purge
you know like nothing
thing ever happened at all Carly and her
boyfriend head over to the house to get
her brother to protect them and then we
get this beauty of a line from Nick Cage
Brant anal beads in fact let me just hit
you with the entire Nick Cage montage
right now father like son right but if
you ever touch that car again thank you
this is a flashback this is before they
even go crazy back to the present though
Nick gets triggered when he sees his
daughter's boyfriend in his house and if
mr. fantastic was a pimp he would smack
his hoes the way Cage straight-up
disrespects this young man right here
mama Ryan gets home and they tried a
jigsaw through the door that the kids
are hiding behind Kade goes to go get
his gun but his kid Josh beat him to it
and he Glocks his mama at this point it
decides to stick a hose from the outside
so that the basement gets filled with
gas and that way the kids end up choking
off of carbon monoxide which just a
reminder your local PSA this is the
silent killer so always check your smoke
detectors however it Carly's a MacGyver
over here and she sets up matches right
underneath the door so that when the
parents open it it'll look like police
he's coming over for dinner the thing
explodes they make their escape the
boyfriend comes back to life he gets
fish hooked then he dies again by the
mom and right when the parents are about
to kiss their kids to death the doorbell
rings believe it or not it's the
grandparents who also wants to kill
their own kids so now we got this entire
family battle royale going on and Nick
Cage ends up disintegrating both of his
parents with one skirt and the boyfriend
pulls a Night of the Living Dead
again coming back to life and he saves a
day if there's anything that this movie
is trying to teach you at this point is
that it's okay to you know break the
fifth commandment there's a couple of
flashbacks that happen throughout the
movie that kind of give us a gist that
you know the meaning of it the themes
there's one word Cage was trying to
create a man cave because you know
parents get old but they still want to
be young and adventurous there's actual
scenes where we look back at both of
them's and the fun that they had when
they were youth and there's even this
line that they deliver
you used to be candle now or just mom
dad knowing that we can finish up the
cliffhanger line that they leave us with
when they're tied up and Nic Cage says
kill you it's you know your parents love
you
but sometimes they just want to kill you
thank you guys for checking out this
movie it's completely crazy I do say run
said if you're in Nick Cage Finn you got
to be in a cage fan there's another
movie called Mandy from Sundance that is
also super crazy that one also gets a
rent it for me for anyone who just wants
that craziness from Nick Cage it these
both of these you gotta check them out
other than that let me know your
thoughts about this movie down below in
the comments section don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and remember
your dad can't kill you if he was never
there